# DDoS-Attack-Detection-Using-a-Combination-Scheme-of-CNNs-and-Decision-Tree
DDoS Attack Detection for Vehicles-to Infrastructure-Communication Using a Combination Scheme of CNNs and Decision Tree.
Distributed Denial Service (DDoS) attacks became the most widely spread attack due to their ease of design and execution. Such attacks are challenging to detect and mitigate due to the diversity of DDoS attack modes and the variable size of attack traffic. This makes the research on DDoS attack detection become extremely important. Machine learning techniques are used to detect various DDoS attacks with complex and dynamic patterns. However, such techniques require doing extensive pre-processing and feature engineering to the data to achieve acceptable results. On the other hand, deep learning techniques can achieve acceptable results without the need for such prior preparations.
This repo proposes a combination scheme between deep learning models, to benefit from their ability to extract features without the need to prior preparations, and machine learning models, that have high performance on similar problems. The solution proposed uses two convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to classify between 10 types of DDoS attacks and uses their prediction results to enhance the performance of one machine learning model on the same classification task. The results of the experiments taken by this study show that the proposed solution can score 20.5% accuracy higher than the classification results of the machine learning model on its own.
